# SP1 Scripts

This folder contains the scripts for the SP1.
To run them you need to have installed the correct version of SP1 used in the scripts as well as the correct Rust version.
All this can be found in the Cargo.toml file and rust-toolchain file.

## Installation

To install Rust, you can follow the instructions provided in the official Rust website: [Rust Installation Guide](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

For SP1, you can find the installation instructions in the SP1 documentation: [SP1 Installation Guide](https://docs.succinct.xyz/getting-started/install.html)

## The different scripts

### Auxiliary

The Auxiliary folder contains the script used in the system to get data out of
the backend, and run it in the zkVM, proving it if is correct.

### EdDSA

The EdDSA folder contains a rust script used for testing EdDSA signatures.

### Program

The program folder contains the code that is compiled and run in the zkVM.

### Script

The script folder contains the default script used to prove the execution of the program in the zkVM. This script is somewhat similar to the Auxiliary script.

### Verify

The verify folder contains the script used to verift the proof generated by either the Auxiliary or the Script script.

## Running the scripts

To run all the scripts except the program script we recommend doing the following:

```bash
cd <script_folder>
cargo build --release
cargo run --release <script_arguments>
```

To run the program script you can do the following:

```bash
cargo prove build
```

This creates the ELF executable used by the other scripts.
